docs: centralize CONTRIBUTING.rst pointers (#17642)
googleapis/google-cloud-python: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   $ cd hack-on-google-cloud-python
   # Configure remotes such that you can pull changes from the googleapis/google-cloud-python
   # repository into your local repository.
   $ git remote add upstream git@github.com:googleapis/google-cloud-python.git
   # fetch and merge changes from upstream into main
   $ git fetch upstream
   # merge or rebase depending on your preference
   $ git merge upstream/main

Now your local repo is set up such that you will push changes to your GitHub repo, from which you can submit a pull request.

To work on the codebase and run the tests, we recommend using ``nox``, but you can also use a ``virtualenv`` of your own creation.

.. _repo: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python

Using ``nox``
=============

We use `nox <https://nox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__ to instrument our tests.

- To test your changes, run unit tests with ``nox``::

    $ nox -s unit

- To run a single unit test (replace `<python_version>` with a supported version, e.g., ``3.10``)::

    $ nox -s unit-<python_version> -- -k <name of test>

  .. note::

    The unit tests and system tests are described in the ``noxfile.py`` files in each package directory.

> .. nox: https://pypi.org/project/nox/

Author: Resolved.

Each folder containing example code requires its own ``noxfile.py`` script which automates testing.

The tests will run against a real Google Cloud Project, so you should configure them just like the System Tests.

**********
Versioning
**********

This library follows `Semantic Versioning`_.

.. _Semantic Versioning: http://semver.org/

Some packages are currently in major version zero (``0.y.z``), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

******************************
Contributor License Agreements
******************************

Before we can accept your pull requests you'll need to sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA):

- **If you are an individual writing original source code** and **you own the intellectual property**, then you'll need to sign an `individual CLA <https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/individual>`__.
- **If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work**, then you'll need to sign a `corporate CLA <https://developers.google.com/open-source/cla/corporate>`__.

> You can sign these electronically (just scroll to the bottom). After that, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can sign these electronically (just scroll to the bottom of the CLA form). After that, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.
```

> You can sign these electronically (just scroll to the bottom of the CLA form). After that, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can sign these electronically (scroll to the bottom of the CLA form to sign). After that, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.
```

> You can sign these electronically (scroll to the bottom of the CLA form to sign). After that, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can sign these electronically (scroll to the bottom of the CLA form to sign). After that, we will be able to accept your pull requests.
```

> You can sign these electronically (scroll to the bottom of the CLA form to sign). After that, we will be able to accept your pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can sign these electronically (scroll to the bottom of the CLA form to sign). We will then be able to accept your pull requests.
```
